This is the first Steam release of the Cyber Kings: Western Pacific mod, featuring Australia, many islands in Oceania (including New Zealand, Hawaii, as well as many smaller islands inbetween), the Malay Archipelago, and South East Asia. It features a working bookmark and does not require any DLC.

Long ago, Earth went dark on the same day all existing electronics in the solar system stopped working. All ships not in orbit fell from the sky.
Humanity quickly descended into chaos as society collapsed, bringing on a new Dark Age. Most of the population succumbed to famine as governments broke down and nations fractured.
Around 1000 years later the Western Pacific is recovering and has entered a new Medieval Era, largely forgetting the accurate history of humanity and the disaster. 
Knowledge of the off-world colonies has faded into myths and legends, until one day a derelict ship, carrying a strange elongated race that cannot survive in the gravity well of Earth, arrived in orbit.

This version is not compatible with multiplayer, for the multiplayer compatible version that does not contain the extra events and decisions please view https://github.com/PerculiarJard/RandomWorld-WesternPacific

Join us at this Discord link if you would like to discuss the mod or to assist with its development.
https://discord.gg/QDKFFdR

Known Issues:
-Many provinces still have randomized names (most of the islands of Oceania, and the Indochinese Peninsula have had the correct names added. All de jure empires and kingdoms across the map have proper names added, but only duchies and provinces that contain the most major IRL cities have proper names apart from the regions listed above. The reason for this is that it takes longer to assign the proper province names than it did for me to generate the rest of the entire mod).
-Some vanilla religions have been renamed, but not all events and decisions have been updated to reflect the new names (example: as a pirate you get Norse Germanic events and decisions, because the vanilla ck2 Germanic mechanics were the most similar to a pirate and the corresponding localization files have not yet been fully updated)
-Municipal shapes from real life do not always currently reflect provinces shapes in game

Info:
The Colormap used in this mod is from Chloelorde's April fool's joke from many years ago.

Lite Sci Fi features such as cybernetics and cloning available through the offmap empire are from the Middle Mars mod, with assets from the ck2 Sci-Fi full conversion mod COTC with permission from Galle the creator (who all us gave us permission to use some of his earlier work too)

Special thanks to TSF4 for his many fixes, to Flowerboi for his recent assistance with beginning to add proper province names in South East Asia. 

Other added features and events such as mechs were created by Rwmroy, who also added other features with permission from the following (unless they have been inactive for years, in that case and if you don't approve my apologies and please let us know.)
Sinstar- Hostage Mod, Siege Events, Visit Chamber, etc
mTA- Punishments & Executions
Sarc's blacksmith mod
Dragatus- Release vassal as tributary
Faiterial's buildings
Cipher's More Realm Laws (Army Professionalism and tax laws)
Nuubialainen- Personal Castle Mod (training yard, library events )
DaMonkey- Knights and Squires

Please also check out my other more developed map mod which takes place solely on Mars:
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2211762358

And my less developed map mod of the Solar System which currently only works with the Random World setting available with the Holy Fury DLC
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2909994525&searchtext=